Add documentation for debugging Hermes with Chrome (#1095)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/hermes.md

```

This will compile JavaScript to bytecode during build time which will improve your app's startup speed on device.

> ## Debugging Hermes using the Chrome Inspector

Reviewer: Would this be better as "Debugging Hermes using the Chrome DevTools"?

Author: Sounds good. I didn't really know what terminology people use here.

> Hermes supports the Google Chrome Inspector debugging protocol. This means Chrome's debug tools can be used to directly debug JavaScript running on Hermes, on an emulator or device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hermes supports the Google Chrome debugger by implementing the inspector debugging protocol. This means the Chrome DevTools can be used to debug JavaScript running on Hermes (either in an emulator or on device).
```

- Lead with "hermes suppports the chrome debugger", then explain how

> For Chrome to connect to a device you must have a Metro server running and connected to your target device. A Metro server can be explicitly started by running `yarn start` in the root of your app's source repository, or run implicitly for the duration of the `react-native run-android` process.

Reviewer 2: You can assume that people know how to run Metro, the second sentence is superfluous.

> To connect Chrome to Metro you must know what where Metro is listening. Typically this will be on `localhost:8081`, but this is [configurable](https://facebook.github.io/metro/docs/en/configuration). When running `yarn start` the address is written to stdout on startup.

Reviewer 2: typo "know what where"
